CSS Design
==========

CSS Precompiler
---------------
CSS developing is tedious and repetitive task. In these late years two major css precompilers emerged: Sass and Less.
At the time this document is written, they have nearly the same popularity, but Sass results to be the most expressive
among the two, primarly for two reasons: it has the ability to import others sass scripts (that will be combined in
the same output css) and it has a compiler, compass, with interesting and unique features (for example the sprites generator).

CSS Framework
-------------
Cross browser and mobile CSS is, same as the above, a tedious task. Moreover, every new project requires some starting, repetitive
css code just for make the page esthetically pleasant.
At the time this document is being written, two major framework are competing: Bootstrap and Foundation.
Bootstrap has been choosen for the wide popularity and the standard look and feel (the most common one on Internet, currently).

It has as well another interesting feature: it has released both for Less than Sass. While this make easy to modify the 
look and feel, visual originality is not the purpose of the project, so bootstrap is imported in his simple compiled css format.

CSS Structure
-------------
CSS should be coded in sass format, in "sass" directory. There is no need to have multiple css file, so always edit "bird-a.scss".
This file imports all bootstrap, so it will be easy to implement a bird-a css rule by extending one ore more bootstrap classes.

The modularity is encouraged, so it is preferable to add css code to existing sass modules (starting with an underscore) or to create
a new one. "bird-a.scss" should be used only to import modules.

Sass Developing
---------------
To develop CSS with Sass, Compass is needed. The main directory for CSS devoloping is "static", where the compass project file is located.
To compile the project, simply type while in "static" folder:
	compass compile

This will create "stylesheets/bird-a.css" that will be autmatically imported by bird-a in the generated html. Bird-a will also
import the necessary javascript libraries needed by bootstrap.
